Amazon SQS Connector in New Template (#379)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amazon/amazon-sqs-connector-design-center.adoc

= Amazon SQS Design Center Configuration - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

The Flow Designer feature of Design Center enables you to create apps visually. To use Flow Designer, work with your Anypoint Platform administrator to ensure that you have a xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[Design environment]. For more information, see the
xref:design-center::fd-tour.adoc[Flow Designer Tour].

To create an app in Flow Designer:

* Configure the input source (trigger) for your app.
* Configure the target component for your app.

For information on Flow Designer field values, see
the xref:amazon/amazon-sqs-connector-reference.adoc[Amazon SQS Connector Reference].

== Configure the Input Source Trigger

. In Design Center, click *Create*.
. Click *Create new application* to open Flow Designer.
. Specify a value for *Project name*, and click *Create*.
. Click *Go straight to canvas* to exit from *Let's get started*.
. Click on the trigger card.
. Search for the connector.
. Select the connector name.

> . Select the *Recieve messages* operation to use it as a source. (You can also use the HTTP Connector or Scheduler component as a source.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *Receive messages* operation to use it as a source. (You can also use the HTTP Connector or Scheduler component as a source.)
```

. Click *Click here to set it up*.
. Enter values for these fields:
+
[%header,cols="30s,70a",width=80%]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|*Configuration Name* |Name used to reference the configuration
|*Connection* | Connection type (`Basic` or `Role`)
|*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account
|*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password
|===
+
. Click *Test* to confirm that the parameters of your global configuration are accurate, and that Mule is able to successfully connect to your instance of Amazon SQS.

> . Click off the trigger card.

Reviewer: Not sure about this. Click off the trigger card?

Author: We can talk about this one. I think we need to say it.

+
Flow Designer automatically saves all changes.

== Configure the Target Component

. Click *+* next to the trigger card.
. In *Select a component*, search for the connector name.
. Select the connector name.
. Select an operation for the connector, such as *Get Queue Attributes*.
. If needed, specify values that are required in the *General* tab. For the *Get Queue Attributes* operation, enter the Amazon SQS queue URL in the *Queue URL* field.
. Select *Edit* to set up other required fields.
+

> For the *Get Queue Attributes* operation, the required fields are as follows. Depending on the trigger you used, these fields might already have values.

Reviewer: Depending on the trigger you used, the following required fields for the Get Queue Attributes operation might already have values.

+
[%header,cols="30s,70a",width=80%]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|*Connection* | Connection type (`Basic` or `Role`)
|*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account
|*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password
|===
+

> . If you added or changed values for the listed fields, Click *Test* to confirm that the parameters of your configuration are accurate, and that Mule is able to successfully connect to your instance of Amazon SQS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you added or changed values for the listed fields, Click *Test* to confirm that the parameters of your configuration are accurate, and that Mule is able to connect successfully to your instance of Amazon SQS.
```

= Amazon SQS Design Center Configuration - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

> The Flow Designer feature of Design Center enables you to create apps visually. To use Flow Designer, work with your Anypoint Platform administrator to ensure that you have a xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[Design environment]. For more information, see the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Flow Designer feature of Anypoint Design Center enables you to create apps visually. To use Flow Designer, work with your Anypoint Platform administrator to ensure that you have a xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[Design environment]. For more information, see the
```

xref:design-center::fd-tour.adoc[Flow Designer Tour].

To create an app in Flow Designer:

* Configure the input source (trigger) for your app.
* Configure the target component for your app.

> For information on Flow Designer field values, see

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY replace "information on" with "information about."

the xref:amazon/amazon-sqs-connector-reference.adoc[Amazon SQS Connector Reference].

== Configure the Input Source Trigger

. In Design Center, click *Create*.
. Click *Create new application* to open Flow Designer.

> . Specify a value for *Project name*, and click *Create*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Specify a value for *Project name* and click *Create*.
```

. Click *Go straight to canvas* to exit from *Let's get started*.
. Click on the trigger card.
. Search for the connector.
. Select the connector name.

> . Select the *Receive messages* operation to use it as a source. (You can also use the HTTP Connector or Scheduler component as a source.)

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY limit steps and list items to one sentence. Put any necessary clarification or additional detail in a separate paragraph under the step or list item:
```suggestion
. Either select the *Receive messages* operation to use it as a source or use the HTTP Connector or Scheduler component as a source.
```
OR
```suggestion
. Select the *Receive messages* operation to use it as a source.
Alternatively, use the HTTP Connector or Scheduler component as a source.
```

. Click *Click here to set it up*.
. Enter values for these fields:
+
[%header,cols="30s,70a",width=80%]
|===

> |Parameter |Description

Reviewer 2: QUESTION:
Does it matter if there is a space or not before the term that follows the pipe symbol (|) in table column formatting? For example, "|Description" vs. "| Description"? Note that the following entries are inconsistent.

Author: It does not matter

|*Configuration Name* |Name used to reference the configuration
|*Connection* | Connection type (`Basic` or `Role`)
|*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account

> |*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password

Reviewer 2: I really think that "acts as" is shorter and perhaps less metaphorical than "plays the role of," but I will stop marking it since I keep seeing it....

> |*Role Arn* | (For the `Role` connection type) Amazon resource name of the role used to get account access

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|*Role Arn* | For the `Role` connection type, the Amazon resource name of the role used to get account access
```

|===
+

> . Click *Test* to confirm that the parameters of your global configuration are accurate, and that Mule is able to successfully connect to your instance of Amazon SQS.

Reviewer 2: I would end this step at *Test*.

Author: I think the explanation is warranted here.

. Click off the trigger card.
+
Flow Designer automatically saves all changes.

== Configure the Target Component

. Click *+* next to the trigger card.
. In *Select a component*, search for the connector name.
. Select the connector name.
. Select an operation for the connector, such as *Get Queue Attributes*.

> . If needed, specify values that are required in the *General* tab. For the *Get Queue Attributes* operation, enter the Amazon SQS queue URL in the *Queue URL* field.

Reviewer 2: Is this really just one step? If so:
```suggestion
. If needed, specify values that are required in the *General* tab. 
For the *Get Queue Attributes* operation, enter the Amazon SQS queue URL in the *Queue URL* field.
```
If not:
```suggestion
. If needed, specify values that are required in the *General* tab. 
. For the *Get Queue Attributes* operation, enter the Amazon SQS queue URL in the *Queue URL* field.
```

. Select *Edit* to set up other required fields.
+

> For the *Get Queue Attributes* operation, the required fields are as follows. Depending on the trigger you used, these required fields might already have values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the *Get Queue Attributes* operation, the required fields are as follows (if they do not already have values):
```

+
[%header,cols="30s,70a",width=80%]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|*Connection* | Connection type (`Basic` or `Role`)
|*Access Key* |Alphanumeric text string that uniquely identifies the user who owns the account
|*Secret Key* |Key that plays the role of a password
|===
+

> . If you added or changed values for the listed fields, click *Test* to confirm that the parameters of your configuration are accurate, and that Mule is able to connect successfully to your instance of Amazon SQS.

Reviewer 2: Ditto re. ending after *Test*

Author: Leaving as is
